---
editor_options: 
  markdown: 
    wrap: 72
---

# Code of Conduct

The project team is made up of members from around the globe with a
diverse set of skills, personalities, and experiences. It is through
these differences that our community experiences great successes and
continued growth. When you're working with members of the community,
this Code of Conduct will help steer your interactions and keep Python a
positive, successful, and growing community.

## Our Team

Members of the project team are open, considerate, and respectful.
Behaviours that reinforce these values contribute to a positive
environment, and include:

-   Being open. Members of the team are open to collaboration,
    whether it's on PEPs, patches, problems, or otherwise.

-   Focusing on what is best for the team. We're respectful of the
    processes set forth in the team, and we work within them.

-   Acknowledging time and effort. We're respectful of the volunteer
    efforts that permeate the project team. We're thoughtful when
    addressing the efforts of others, keeping in mind that often times
    the labor was completed simply for the good of the team.

-   Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences. We're
    receptive to constructive comments and criticism, as the experiences
    and skill sets of other members contribute to the whole of our
    efforts.

-   Showing empathy towards other team members. We're attentive in
    our communications, whether in person or online, and we're tactful
    when approaching differing views.

-   Being considerate. Members of the team are considerate of their
    peers.

-   Being respectful. We're respectful of others, their positions, their
    skills, their commitments, and their efforts.

-   Gracefully accepting constructive criticism. When we disagree, we
    are courteous in raising our issues.

-   Using welcoming and inclusive language. We're accepting of all who
    wish to take part in our activities, fostering an environment where
    anyone can participate and everyone can make a difference.

## Our Standards

Every member of our team has the right to have their identity
respected. The project team is dedicated to providing a positive
experience for everyone, regardless of age, gender identity and
expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body
size, ethnicity, nationality, race, or religion (or lack thereof),
education, or socio-economic status.

## Inappropriate Behavior

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

-   Harassment of any participants in any form

-   Deliberate intimidation, stalking, or following

-   Logging or taking screenshots of online activity for harassment
    purposes

-   Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or
    electronic address, without explicit permission

-   Violent threats or language directed against another person

-   Incitement of violence or harassment towards any individual,
    including encouraging a person to commit suicide or to engage in
    self-harm

-   Creating additional online accounts in order to harass another
    person or circumvent a ban

-   Sexual language and imagery in online communities or in any
    conference venue, including talks

-   Insults, put downs, or jokes that are based upon stereotypes, that
    are exclusionary, or that hold others up for ridicule

-   Excessive swearing

-   Unwelcome sexual attention or advances

-   Unwelcome physical contact, including simulated physical contact
    (eg, textual descriptions like "hug" or "backrub") without consent
    or after a request to stop

-   Pattern of inappropriate social contact, such as requesting/assuming
    inappropriate levels of intimacy with others

-   Sustained disruption of online community discussions, in-person
    presentations, or other in-person events

-   Continued one-on-one communication after requests to cease

-   Other conduct that is inappropriate for a professional audience
    including people of many different backgrounds team members
    asked to stop any inappropriate behavior are expected to comply
    immediately.

## Consequences

If a participant engages in behavior that violates this code of conduct,
the project team may take any action they deem appropriate, including
warning the offender or expulsion from the team and team
events with no refund of event tickets. Thank you for helping make this
a welcoming, friendly team for everyone.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public
spaces when an individual is representing the project or its community.
Examples of representing a project or community include using an
official project e-mail address, posting via an official social media
account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or
offline event. Representation of a project may be further defined and
clarified by project maintainers.

## Attribution

This Code of Conduct was adapted from the [Python community Code of
Conduct](https://www.python.org/psf/conduct/).
